(READ IN FULL) IT Technical Support (On Site / Requires vehicle)
Nerds On Site
Los Angeles, CA
Part-time, Full-time
&nbsp;
Profile insights
Here’s how the job qualifications align with your profile.
Skills

Windows
 (Required)

Technical support
 (Required)

Software troubleshooting
 (Required)
&nbsp;
Job details
Here’s how the job details align with your profile.
Job type

Part-time

Full-time
Shift and schedule

Choose your own hours
&nbsp;
Benefits
Pulled from the full job description
Flexible schedule
&nbsp;
Full job description
Generalist On-Site IT Technician

Read COMPLETELY for CONSIDERATION as all the information for application instructions and HOW/WHERE to correctly apply.

Windows platform generalist required for IT work.

Looking for respectful and friendly people that engage and work with clients in this manner.

Strong experience in Windows platform as well as some experience in Mac OS platform.

Consistent work ethic, timely delivery and availability for on site appointments.

Timely/Responsive communication ability.

Vehicle required.

Freelance contract: set your own schedule.

This is our ideal candidate:

Are you nice to people by nature? (Hint: We aren't looking for people that want to tell the world how much they know, or how good they are).

Do you see the good side of situations?

Want to help people with their technology?

Do you blame everything/one else or do you take CHARGE?

Nerds On Site specialize in providing cost effective, leading edge solutions to Small and Medium sized Enterprises (SME’s). We are the complete SME IT solution specialists. Our company is comprised not of employees, but Independent Contractors who work together to serve our clients and build our own business. Working together as a team.

Please apply at:

More details can be found at: https://iwanttobeanerd.com

(Applications completed above will be considered before applications sent via Indeed email)

Job Types: Full-time, Part-time

Pay: $1,000.00 - $66,985.00 per year

Benefits:

Flexible schedule
Application Question(s):

Are you currently living in the Los Angeles area or nearby area? We cannot accommodate relocation and have immediate on the ground requirements.
Experience:

Help desk: 3 years (Preferred)
Work Location: On the road

Server+ IT Technician
Dash Networks Inc
Redondo Beach, CA 90278
$20 - $48 an hour - Part-time
&nbsp;
Profile insights
Here’s how the job qualifications align with your profile.
Certifications

CompTIA Server+
 (Required)

Do you have a valid CompTIA Server+ certification?
Skills

Software installation

Firmware

Equipment installation
+ show more

Do you have experience in Software installation?
&nbsp;
Job details
Here’s how the job details align with your profile.
Pay

$20 - $48 an hour
Job type

Part-time
Shift and schedule

Monday to Friday
&nbsp;
Benefits
Pulled from the full job description
Paid training
Professional development assistance
&nbsp;
Full job description
Are you a computer enthusiast looking to take the next step in your career?

Look no further! At Dash Networks we currently have an opening for a server technician where you will be working to build and reconfigure servers.

Responsibilities:

Assemble, install and configure new computer components
Test and verify components
Install operating systems or adjust settings on new computers
Update and Maintain documentation
Qualifications:

Experience building / repairing computers
Experience updating BIOS / firmware on hardware
Experience installing operating systems and imaging disks
CompTIA Server+ Certified
Why You’ll like working for Dash Networks:

Paid IT Training
Paid for IT certification tests
Shifts Available:

Monday - Friday: 7am - 4pm
Monday - Friday: 8am - 5pm
Monday - Friday: 9am - 6pm
Monday - Friday: 6pm - 10pm
Job Type: Part-time

Pay: $20.00 - $48.00 per hour
